>> SEAN STONE: Energy
manipulation, we can all do it,
but do we dare?
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to "Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore the
twilight zones of reality.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and with me today
is Bridget Nielsen, author,
intuitive healer, and chef.
Her insights on how
to use diet to raise
our energetic vibration,
as well as protect us
from malevolent agendas,
are some of the topics
we will be discussing.
So Bridget, I want to
start by asking you,
you talk about a high
vibrational diet,
but what does that mean?
>> BRIDGET NIELSEN: It
really means just coming back
into connection with our vessel.
So clearing our vessel so the
spirit can really come in,
and we can be our true selves.
Because there's so
many different things
in our world and
toxins and such,
that we've gotten off course.
And it actually
changes our genetic--
epigenetic disposition.
So it's really just
coming back into balance
so that we can radiate, turn
on, our extrasensory perceptions
and be who we came here to be.
>> SEAN: Yeah, this is a topic--
I mean, a word, embodiment,
coming into embodiment,
I've heard a lot recently.
And I think what
resonates with me
is the idea of basically
many people would say
they're spiritual,
but oftentimes they
get outside of their body.
And they forget that our body
is actually like the main vessel
that we're operating through.
So how do we basically use the
body to embody our soul, right?
Is that the concept?
>> NIELSEN: Totally.
And when we're
fully in our body,
then it's actually
much more comfortable.
And I think as
sensitives and empaths,
there is this idea
that kind of escapism
or are leaving the body is
actually more comfortable.
But when we create a
space that's a temple,
then it's comfortable.
And I think that's part
of the disassociation,
as a little bit of
unrest or things
that aren't quite
clean so that we don't
feel like we can fully come in.
>> SEAN: Right.
So you're saying that
there's basically
a certain blockage that takes
place, either through foods,
but oftentimes, that
can connect to emotions.
Even the organs can connect
to certain emotions, right?
And that's why
there's always been
an association
between the organs,
the planets, our
emotional states, right?
>> NIELSEN: Exactly, yeah.
>> SEAN: And so you've put out
a call to starseeds that is
the time to bloom.
Now, what is your
conception of a starseed?
>> NIELSEN: Starseed.
OK.
So we're just going
to go with the idea
that there's multiple
incarnations.
We're just going to set
that as the standard
for this conversation.
But the idea is--
so we commonly hear
about incarnating
as different humans
in different times,
but we also incarnate on
different planets outside
of Earth.
And so a starseed is
someone that-- a soul--
that has incarnated off planet.
And in those off
planet incarnations,
usually, it's a higher
density experience.
So it's coming from
a higher frequency.
So a starseed is someone
that's had those higher
dimensional experiences, and
then is incarnating into Earth,
while being able to maintain
some of that higher frequency
to assist her during this
transformational time.
>> SEAN: Mm-hmm.
Is that the same concept of
what the hybrid is in your mind?
>> NIELSEN: So some of them
that have had contact with
extraterrestrials, like
contact with abduction kind
of experiences, through those
experiences kids were made from
not.
So from our genetic material and
from extraterrestrial genetics,
and then that creates hybrids.
So those are the hybrids
that I'm talking about.
>> SEAN: So a hybrid would
physically look different than
a normal human?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
They've been kind of altered
to look more human so
that we're comfortable with it.
But as the different
generations happen
and as contact comes into
more full swing on Earth,
there will be more kind
of odd looking hybrids.
But for right now, they've
made them more human
so that we don't freak out.
>> SEAN: There have always
been pretty odd looking humans.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, that's true.
Alien humans.
>> SEAN: As far
as the starseeds,
the starseeds are a bit like
what people have called indigos
and--
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: --you know, basically
children of the new age.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, definitely.
And I feel the
connection to the indigo
and the crystal
and rainbow waves
are just these new light
frequencies coming in.
And so as each generation--
so say like our parents
or grandparents-- they
came in, and maybe were
the first wave of indigos.
But they were also
starseeds at the same time.
So as these waves of these
higher vibrations come in,
it really just allows us access
to remember more of these star
connections and these
higher vibrations,
like we are right now
by talking about them.
>> SEAN: Precisely.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: And so how much of the
population would you suppose
are actually starseeds?
>> NIELSEN: I would say that
it's a lesser percentage than
you'd think, but more.
So it just depends on where
people's soul is oriented.
So if you're like in a war torn
country or something like that,
you're not going
to have the soul
availability of exploring
like higher dimensions
or something like that.
>> SEAN: You're too much focused
on the physical realm to be
able to have that
spiritual exploration.
>> NIELSEN: Exactly.
So we could say that the people,
that the different cultures,
and the different peoples
around the world that have
more availability and
are privileged with that
get to explore that.
And so thus they're
more of a starseed type.
So I would say at least 10%
to 20% of the population
are starseeds.
>> SEAN: Do you think that
Americans might be more
of a hub for starseeds because
of the plan that goes back
to the Masonic plan.
Manly Hall wrote about this.
America was designed to be
the new Atlantis, essentially.
And so maybe like there are
more incarnations of starseeds
taking place here because of the
actual design of what America
was meant to be.
>> NIELSEN: I would agree, yeah.
And also in Europe, too.
Those two places.
And I think that it's also
like a karmic renewal,
because a lot of the people
that incarnated in America
and Europe are Atlantean and
have those kind of connections,
as well as they've done
kind of not so good things,
like off planet as well.
And so this is the time for
us to kind of redeem ourselves
karmically, I would
say, in those locations,
people incarnating there.
And so we've come back.
And we're like, OK,
let's really re-orient,
balance everything, and
do it right this time.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
But I'm curious.
So how did this end
up occurring to you?
As far as like in
your life, did you
have memories since
you were a child
of being on other planets?
Or how did this journey
of awakening occur?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
I mean, I grew up
and I knew instantly
that I was incredibly empathic.
And I definitely had senses and
could connect with other realms
very easily.
It was very comfortable for me.
A lot of that got kind of
washed out in school and stuff
like that.
But once I got out
of the school system,
there is a direct
correlation between me just
remembering and waking
up and just reclaiming.
And all these experiences
that I did have as a kid
that I had forgotten-- as
I was a kid that I forgot.
And then it just all
came flooding back.
And it was like, this is
what you're meant to do.
You're supposed to
talk about these things
and remember all
these experiences.
>> SEAN: And in your
experience then,
diet played a role in terms
of your ability to channel,
to remember, to sort of be fluid
with the spiritual universe
beyond?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, there's
a direct correlation,
I would say, in all people, of
us being able to turn on this
kind of genetic disposition
of the ever higher aspect,
and then diet being
able to assist that.
And for me, just
circumstantially,
I was raised vegetarian.
And that was always a
big theme of kind of,
go in this direction.
Go in this direction.
And it always has
really allowed me to be
capable of perceiving more.
>> SEAN: But so I mean in terms
of the high vibration diet,
I mean certainly you're
referring to vegetables,
things that are basically
full of chlorophyll, right?
Fueled by the sun.
But you really-- I mean, what
else would you describe as sort
of high vibrational foods?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
Vibrational, high
vibrational foods
would be anything
that is full of life.
So reinvigorated with life,
or with healthy bacteria, too.
So you could think of
like nuts and seeds.
So sprouting, stuff like that,
that brings it back to life.
Because we've been programmed
kind of since the '50s that you
boil it.
You kill it because there's
bacteria and it's bad.
And so it's kind of bringing
back bacteria, bringing back
enzymes.
So like through
fermentation, right?
So anything that's
easily digestible
that has a higher nutrient
density absorption.
All those kinds of
things so that we
can get everything
our body needs
and get all of that energy,
so the higher frequency.
And we can see that
even in organic
versus conventional food
with Kirlian photography.
There's a direct-- you
can see it visually.
>> SEAN: There's more
color, more light.
>> NIELSEN: Exactly.
Yeah.
>> SEAN: And so this
play of basically diet,
would you say that it
matters whether or not
you're a starseed or not, like
that at all humans should be
applying it because it will help
them to embody here and access
their soul?
Because obviously,
it's not like we're
saying if you're not a
starseed, you don't have a soul
and you have a consciousness.
You don't have off
world experiences.
>> NIELSEN: Right.
>> SEAN: Obviously, all beings
have some kind of past life
experiences and are seeded
from other star systems.
Or is it only these starseeds?
>> NIELSEN: I would say that
most souls have had some
experience out there.
Definitely.
And I feel like it's really
important for all people
to orient to a balanced diet
or a high vibrational diet
because it'll just make
their life much better.
Because there's parasites.
There's all kinds of
crazy things in our gut
that actually
determine our thoughts,
and make us have these
certain emotions,
have these certain thoughts.
So it'll just make life better
to actually balance the diet,
and it'll make us happier.
So it just makes life better.
>> SEAN: But it does seem that
there's a bit of a conspiracy,
you could say, a
conscious attempt,
to actually keep the population
at a lower vibration through
certain foods.
I mean, whether it's
GMOs and toxins,
and just overall like bad diets.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: What do
you see happening?
>> NIELSEN: I would
definitely agree.
It's just an attempt to
keep us from realizing
our true potential,
like that we truly
are source creators, and then
fully embodying that, right?
Because it's that dissociation.
So there's definitely
an attempt.
And it's one of
those things where
we have to stay really
positive, because it can just
be so overwhelming.
You're like chem
trails, GMOs, argh.
And you just start
to kind of freak out.
>> SEAN: Even the noise from
the news, for example, fear,
and bad news, and propaganda.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: What are the
major, would you say,
low vibrational things that
affect us on a daily basis that
you'd point to and say, these
are things you should be aware
of and conscious of
and try to cut out?
>> NIELSEN: Well, I would
start with one at a time,
because the list will just
kind of be overwhelming.
But GMO foods, all the
pesticides, the air quality,
and the chem trails, the water.
It's kind of like a hacking
of every type of element
that we interact with
has been compromised,
even like Wi-Fi and
cell phone towers.
So it's just like, wow,
there's a bombardment of a lot.
And that's why it's like,
OK, one thing at a time,
how can I just
switch to organic?
How can I just filter my water?
Go buy spring water.
You know, those kinds of things.
>> SEAN: Do you think that
ultimately this agenda comes
from a higher source than
just the human agenda?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: There's an
ET agenda behind it.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
I do feel like
there's an ET agenda,
and there's the other ET agenda.
>> SEAN: Which is?
>> NIELSEN: Which is the
positive agenda of helping
Earth awaken, and what
we're doing here and what
we're talking about.
And so it's, I think,
key to keep those
on the same page,
because somehow
like the negative
orientation gets more press,
gets more energy, and that
feeds all of the problems.
And so keeping up with
the idea and truly
tuning into the
feeling that there's
the benevolent
side just as much,
that has even more power
that's assisting us right now.
>> SEAN: And so the
ultimate agenda,
let's say the dark
side, would be what?
Using these toxins to ultimately
make us more service to self?
Or what is their
purpose in this?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
To make us freak out, to make
us angry, to make us fearful,
to make us forget,
and maybe even orient.
Who knows what it's actually
doing to our genetics?
Like GMOs, right?
We know that it's
making us sick,
and the transgenesis and
all that is not good.
We can see that, the
negative effects.
But what is it doing
to the genetics that
has the potential for
enlightenment or for good?
And we don't quite
know that yet.
So I mean, it probably
is scarier than we think,
but that's why at least just
moving towards the positive
is going to be helpful.
>> SEAN: And even going down
to the level of the way that
animals are killed
and consumed, I mean,
how does that
affect our biology,?
Basically, the way that--
I mean, a lot of the
older religions talk
about kosher and halal
foods, for example,
goes down to the way
even that the animals
are treated, humanely
and basically killed
with an offering.
Native American cultures,
is a prime example,
where people see paying honor
and thanks to the animal,
even praying over your food,
how that can essentially
change the nature of
what you're consuming.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, the
adrenaline, the fear.
I mean, that's what is then
encapsulated into the meat
that then we would be consuming.
And that's intense.
I mean, you're
eating adrenaline.
So what's that going
to do to your energy?
It's going to put you in
this like fight or flight,
make you angry, heated,
those kinds of energies.
So I agree with you.
And when we can
calm the animal--
and I've had friends
that have done this,
and like fully
calmed the animal--
the blood pressure goes down.
Everything is calmed.
And that experience would be
far different of a vibration.
And that's just the animal,
the way that we can treat it,
like you're saying.
>> SEAN: And then in terms of
prayer, for example, I mean,
that's an ancient practice
of praying over food.
And even down to the
scientific experiments about
how plants listen, right?
You can talk to plants.
And there's a reaction.
We know that water reacts
to the vibration of words.
So how is it that
we can actually
reprogram our food to
basically benefit us more,
to be more nutritious,
and raise our vibration?
>> NIELSEN: Absolutely.
Well, I mean, presence
would be key, right?
And I think that
fast paced culture
where it's just like grabbing
something on the go and moving.
I just heard that in Japan
if you're walking and eating
at the same time, it's
kind of bad, bad posture,
because it's that sitting
with it and that presence.
And just that
conscious attention
is, one, making it
easier to digest.
It's making everything
move, salivation.
But also, it's the honoring.
So whatever that
looks like for you.
And definitely putting
our energy into it.
And making your own food,
growing your own food,
those kinds of things really
add to the vibrational quality
and the interaction.
Even the genetics, like if
your sweat or your certain--
like even if your
urine is with the soil,
then the plants grow for
you and have what you need.
So there's an interaction.
And I think that
disconnection is
what we've lost if we just
go to the grocery store
and we grab something,
or we just eat something.
And so it's really coming back
into connection with our food
and with nature itself.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
So you mentioned earlier
about chem trails.
What is it, A, that
you think they're
doing with these chem trails?
Because it seems to be heavy
metals that they're releasing.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: So what is
the purpose of that?
>> NIELSEN: Oh, brain fog,
major toxification of the body.
So I mean, there is an
association between aluminum
toxicity and Alzheimer's.
So I mean, it can go in a
lot of different directions.
But definitely to dim us.
And so it's really important
to be consciously aware of it
and work with it.
>> SEAN: And how do we annul
or cancel out that chem trail
toxin?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, I
mean, on big chem days,
like to not be in it.
So it's one of those
things to kind of be--
I mean, I think of it
like the weather report,
where it's like it's
a chemy day, you know?
And you're like,
OK, well, I'm not
going to go out if it's
raining or something like that.
So just not participating
with it, and be aware of that.
But definitely just detoxifying,
whether that's through
like cilantro and
parsley, like those kinds
that draw heavy metals
out of the body.
Chlorella, spirulina.
Those kinds of things.
And then definitely
respiratory support,
because it gets
the lungs, right?
So cordyceps mushrooms
and eucalyptus
essential oils to keep the
respiratory system really
healthy and vibrant, and
keep the immune system going.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
And you mentioned, obviously,
about GMOs and the potential
to rearrange our genetics
going forth into the future.
There have been
studies that seem
to indicate that like, for
example, like salamanders
and frogs actually change
sex based on certain GMOs.
So what do you make is the
most harmful aspect of it?
>> NIELSEN: The most harmful?
The most harmful, we
probably don't know.
But I would say
probably infertility.
I mean, what if we can't
reproduce like as a species?
I think that would probably
be the foremost consideration.
And then, of course,
everything else,
because when we are reproducing,
if there's liver failure
or gastrointestinal disorders,
the different things that
come from the GMOs,
like if that's
passed onto the
children, I mean,
what is that going to do
just a few generations later?
So I really think it's
about the foresight
and looking at what it's doing.
But I would say that the
fertility is probably
the scariest thing.
>> SEAN: Let's talk
about detox then.
Obviously, we've talked
about a lot of the toxins.
We've talked a little
bit about detox.
But how do we basically go
about detoxing our system
and living in basically a
detoxification lifestyle
to deal with all these
balloons we're dealing with?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah,
first and foremost,
it would be to relax and to
be in like a meditative state.
Because if we act through
cleansing or detoxing
or implementing these positive
solutions through fear,
it's not going to do much,
because like our cortisol
and adrenaline is rushing.
And then we're just
kind of psychotic.
And our body is not going to
be able to relax enough to do
what it needs to do.
So I think taking that
present state around it
is the first impression to do.
So that would be first.
But as far as
sweating, especially
like near-infrared sweating, to
detoxify like on a deep level,
going deep into the body
and releasing toxins
through the sweat is
probably the easiest way.
Liver cleansing, because
so many of the heavy metals
and the toxins, and even the
bad estrogens, those kinds
of things, sit in the liver.
So any kind of green stuff
is going to help with that.
And really, anything
like bentonite clays
and drying substances,
like charcoal,
to pull those heavy
metals out of the body's
going to be really good.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
How do we go about listening
to our body's cravings
and actually understanding
that, as you say,
consider your surroundings
before listening to your body's
cravings?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
Well, it's one of those things
where our guts especially--
we're a very actually parasitic
and bacterial-run culture,
which I said determines
our thoughts.
And so actually reseeding
the gut with good bacteria.
So it's refermented
foods, probiotics,
those kinds of things,
so that we can actually
listen to ourselves.
And through this
detoxification process,
go, OK, what's really me
asking for this chocolate cake?
Or what is really me asking
for this certain thing?
And what do I really need?
So getting that orientation.
And knowing that even cultural
or location can influence
like what you feel like
eating, because we are
an empathic collective mind.
And so being aware
of that is like.
It's like, is this my
thought craving this burger?
Or is it someone else's?
And just kind of being aware of
what's you and what's another.
>> SEAN: So is that what you
mean by the programmed dietary
imprint?
It's that basically it's being
programmed by our surroundings.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
Yeah, it's very influential.
>> SEAN: As far as the--
there's like a sort
of popular thing now.
I don't know about how popular.
But like people are talking
about this breatharianism,
right?
>> NIELSEN: Right.
>> SEAN: As basically somebody
who is living on ideally light
alone.
Although, I know
some of these guys
feel like-- eat like a Big
Mac once a week or something.
And then they just don't eat
at all for the next 10 days
or whatnot.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: So there's different
approaches to breatharianism.
But do you think that
this idea of moving us
towards being breatharians,
being able to just live off
light, not having
to consume food,
is this where the starseeds
are moving us towards?
>> NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I mean, it's going to be--
we're going to need to do a
lot of things to get there,
but it's the return
to the realization
that we are free energy
devices ourselves.
So we can create and
pull chi from the heavens
from all around us and
live off of that vitality.
And when you're in
places like nature
and you can breathe in like the
mana, the life force around us,
we really can fuel
ourselves through that.
That's the most
refined form of fuel.
And then, of course, external,
we use food right now.
And so it's just transitioning
to these higher forms of energy
and realizing that we
can create our own.
So I feel like that's
what's happening
with the breatharianism.
It's like, I'm like a plant.
I can take in
energy from the sun.
And so it's a great practice.
And I think we'll
move towards it.
And it's something
to be aware of.
>> SEAN: Is this, ultimately,
what you think that your work
is ultimately teaching us about,
becoming more in tune with
the universe around us?
I mean, does that
basically describe
what you're doing here?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
It's really initiating
and bridging
the higher perspectives,
whether it's galactic or just
frequencies and
being aware of nature
and those kinds of things,
and bringing it back
and orienting us to our natural
selves so that in everyday life
we can live as better people
and truly change the world.
So it's the bridging
of those two worlds,
like the higher realm and
then the physical practicality
of how to go about that
and to be a good person.
>> SEAN: Well, as you
discussed earlier,
that a lot of us recall or have
inclinations to be in higher
density forms that weren't
necessarily as physical.
And it's a certain
journey balancing
that has to be taking place.
It's very difficult to be
in this physical realm.
Obviously, there's more
challenges that come with it.
There's a lot of
suffering and stresses.
Do you particularly
recall, I was curious,
like any of these other
worlds that you've
inhabited in past lives?
>> NIELSEN: I do.
Yes.
Particularly, Pleiadian.
And we can just say these
different names and such,
but I've had full body
and full visual recall
of a lot of these places that
I've been before and contact.
One of the things that's cool is
that these lives, whether it's
a past life on Earth or some
of these lives in the stars,
is they're aware of
us simultaneously.
It's not just this thing
that was 1,000 years ago
or a million years ago.
They are aware of us now.
And they're assisting us
now, even though we are them
in another dimension.
>> SEAN: Right.
>> NIELSEN: And so
that's very empowering.
It's not just like
this fantasy though.
It's real right now,
and we can tap into it
like that aspect of ourselves.
>> SEAN: But what is
so important about now.
I mean, obviously,
you were talking
about the starseeds coming
here and this sort of waves
of indigos and whatnot.
So what is it that is important
about the now in terms
of remembering and tapping into
this intergalactic community?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
Well, with the whole 2012 idea
and the cycle of 26,000 years,
this is like a resurgence
of Earth's possibility
to fully awaken, to fully
remember, and kind of end
our programming of enslavement
genetically and energetically,
and remember that we are coming
from these higher realms,
and that we have full capacity
to be empowered on Earth
and do what we came here to do.
So right now is very
important because we
have everything that we need.
And now we just
need to act on it.
>> SEAN: Well, I'm curious.
What do you think is the reason
that the dark side has gotten--
was able to get so powerful
for the last few thousand years
in terms of taking
us into materiality
and using the genetic coding and
the brainwashing that's taking
place and detoxification?
What allowed that empowerment
from them on their side?
>> NIELSEN: I would say,
one, our forgetfulness,
but I also feel like it's
a part of kind of the plan.
I feel like it's been
helpful, because sometimes we
need to be pushed and
kind of to rock bottom
so that we can feel that
pressure to fully come
into our full power.
And so I feel like it's been
nothing but helpful, and maybe
in a way orchestrated that way.
>> SEAN: Right.
Right.
Exactly.
Sometimes, that's
the whole point.
If you are pushed to the brink--
I mean, the universe always--
how do you say?
It's regulatory.
It balances itself out.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
>> SEAN: So it's like
if it doesn't survive,
something new is born
from that destruction.
Or if there's a trauma,
something collapses,
we build something
new in its place.
So it's a constant
rebirthing cycle.
For you in your work, I
mean, what would you say?
First of all, you said
earlier that you felt
like you were drawn to this.
You knew that you
had memories and you
knew that essentially
this was your mission.
But how would you
define your mission?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, my mission is
to initiate people into that.
It's not even hope.
Like hope's not a good word.
But really motivating
them into full remembrance
and awakening and feeling that,
and being excited about life
and excited about what
they're meant to do here.
So reinvigorating that
energy, because I think that's
been lost.
It's been-- you know,
it's hard life for people.
And it it's a challenging time.
>> SEAN: Exactly.
>> NIELSEN: But to bring
back fun and play and passion
and vigor, like those
kinds of energies,
into this transformational
process I think is really key.
>> SEAN: Exactly.
And I think, again, going
back to the embodiment,
I want to talk more
about the organs.
We talked earlier about
how the organs have always
been related to certain
planets and certain plants
and emotions.
So do you think that the
organs themselves have
been reprogrammed in any way?
For example, like whether it's
the-- you mentioned the gut has
oftentimes been toxified.
Because if it's toxic, we
can't get in touch with it
with our gut instinct.
>> NIELSEN: Yes!
>> SEAN: The liver, obviously,
it's our life force.
Our energy force is there.
And so alcohol and other things,
sugars, are toxifying it.
So what would you say had been
like the most, A, reprogrammed?
But also sort of
which organs are
under the most stress of this
sort of agenda of control?
>> NIELSEN: Yeah, I would
say, number one, I guess--
yeah, the stomach's an organ.
But I would say number one would
be the stomach and the gut.
I mean, that's kind of
been the most compromised,
especially with antibiotics
that are in non-organic meats
and dairies, and that
we're taking vaccines.
>> SEAN: Of course.
>> NIELSEN: Like
all of those things.
So the gut has really
been compromised
in that bacteria
and that instinct,
as you were talking about, which
is the seat of our immunity
as well.
And so it's an intelligence that
wants to communicate with us,
as well as keep us
healthy and vital.
So I would say probably
that's number one.
And then the liver with all
of the different estrogens
and the different hormones that
we're being introduced with it.
We're having to try and
rebalance in our liver, as well
as then all the heavy metals.
So I would say those two
have been really compromised.
And also the kidneys because
of our fast-paced life.
And like the chugging the
coffee, and the adrenaline
starts going, the
adrenals and the cortisol.
And that's the lifestyle
that then pulls the lifeforce
from the kidneys.
And generations
down the road, they
don't have that deep,
rich, sourceful energy
if we run out of
it, because we pass
on our kidney essence,
our kidney gene
to the next generation.
>> SEAN: Interesting.
>> NIELSEN: So it's kind of
bringing in a holistic view
of what we're doing
on all levels,
and then also being prepared
to assist our future kids
in a healthy way.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
No, that's fascinating.
And again, it goes back
to this whole thing.
Like, you are what you eat.
Essentially, it's like we don't
realize that our food also
can reprogram our DNA,
as I understand it.
People don't even
think about that.
>> NIELSEN: Yeah.
I mean, it absolutely can.
I mean, we have epigenetics.
And it's like we have
a disposition that
can be activated and
awakened, whether that's
through exercise, whether
that's through being
in certain places,
eating certain things.
And so I feel like
it's really empowering,
where we can like awaken these
latent parts of ourselves.
It's special.
And food can do that.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
It does create
moods, as we know.
Certain foods create
certain emotional responses.
And others are more
deadening and lifeless.
>> NIELSEN: Definitely.
>> SEAN: Well, Bridget, thank
you so much for joining me
today.
It's been a pleasure
to talk to you.
>> NIELSEN: Thanks
for having me, Sean.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
That's all the time we have
for this week's "Buzzsaw."
For recipes and dietary
guidance, as well as
intuitive and
spiritual guidance,
please visit BridgetNielsen.com.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and remember,
you are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]